NOISSUE - Add Things Migration (#2)
mainflux/migrations: README.md

# Mainflux Migration Tool

> A tool that is used to migrate from one version of [mainflux][mainflux-url] to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tool that is used to migrate from earlier version of [mainflux][mainflux-url] to the latest version.
```
